[triumphant music playing]
What a guy!
I want you to know
what a fantastic guy you are!
[chuckling]
I'm nothing more
than just an ordinary handsome hero.
[Yoko gasping]
Lucien.
Now this is the part
where you start getting all teary-eyed
and lose control
and give me a passionate kiss.
[Yoko gasping]
But then
that would make me turn back into Lucien,
and I'm not ready for that.
So, I'll have to take a rain check
and save it for the day
I take your V-card.
[Yoko growling]
[Dark Schneider whining]
That hurt!
[crying]
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[man exclaiming]
[man] This aura.
Something big is happening in there.
Hey, Lynch!
Hurry up and get rid of those two!
I've got a bad feeling about this!
[Lynch] Yes, Doshi.
[all grunting]
What is going on?
It can't be.
Darsh?
[exclaiming]
When you've been around as long as me,
there's nothing that surprises you.
[Doshi cackling]
I thought you fools
were smarter than that.
You should know you're no match for Lynch!
He was created by me, Doshi,
the world-famous necromancer.
I created him by assembling
the very best parts
collected from the corpses of 100
of the strongest warriors and knights!
Lynch is the ultimate undead soldier!
I, Doshi, the world-famous necromancer,
granted Lynch my magic power,
and Lord Abigail gave him the Demon Mail,
the legendary suit of armor!
Lynch is now invincible!
A couple of weaklings like you
could never beat him!
Enjoy the show as Ninja Master Gara
and Nei, the Empress of Thunder,
meet their demise at the hands
of this magnificent work of art
created by me, Doshi,
the world-famous necromancer!
[Doshi cackling]
Famous?
None of us
have ever even heard of you, shorty.
[Arshes] Hmm.
Now hurry up
and send your little puppet over here
so I can chop him to pieces,
armor and all.
I'll show you the power
of the ultimate secrets of the sword.
[ninja gasping]
What's that mysterious stance?
[ninja 2] They're using
their biggest move!
[Doshi cackling]
I'm not short,
and you're gonna pay for that!
Show them what you're made of, Lynch!
Go kill the traitors!
True Majinken!
Secret Haouken Thunder Claw Strike!
[groaning] No way!
Serves you right, pipsqueak.
[both gasping]
[Lynch growling]
-Oh no!
-[Gara gasping]
[Lynch growling, yelling]
[Arshes and Gara grunting]
[ninjas gasping]
[cackling]
Your swords won't work
against the Demon Mail.
You'll soon find out
how impotent you fools are against us!
[Gara groaning]
What's going on here?
Something's affecting my strength.
I'm too--
-[Gara groaning]
-[suspenseful music playing]
Ha! I thought you used to be
one of the Four Divine Kings?
You're so weak.
There's no point trying to fight.
At this very moment, as Anthrasax awakens,
the God of Destruction's tremendous energy
is flowing into Lynch and the Demon Mail.
I'd say, at your current level,
you can't touch Lynch.
You couldn't even put a scratch
on his armor.
[cackling]
[Arshes] I can't die like this.
Darsh might come back to life.
[Arshes groaning]
[Gara] Damn! This is bad.
Now my vision's getting hazy.
-[Doshi grunting]
-[Arshes grunting]
[Doshi efforting]
[scoffing] Your newfound
power of good is useless.
You're nothing in the face of the power
of the God of Destruction's
overwhelming evil.
-[efforting] Do you understand now?
-[Arshes groaning]
[cackling]
I'm gonna teach you two a lesson.
I'm gonna make you pay dearly
for your wisecrack about me being short!
[Gara and Arshes gasping]
[Lynch] It's time.
This is where you die!
[Arshes] Darsh…
[Lynch] Take this!
Fierce Destruction Raging Roar--
You're the one who's gonna be dying here!
Wha…? No way.
[Arshes' breath shuddering]
Hold on!
What's going on?
Where'd this guy come from?
Oh, Darsh.
You're not the only ones
who got stronger with the power of evil!
I'm gonna smack you back
to where you came from!
Now go!
[Doshi and Lynch screaming]
You're kidding.
[Arshes crying]
[Dark Schneider] You heard me.
Go back to hell
and take your corpses with you!
Damned!
[Doshi screaming]
[Arshes] Darsh…
Darsh. Darsh!
[dramatic music playing]
[Arshes] Darsh!
-You're here! Darsh. Darsh!
-It's okay. There, there. Don't cry.
-Everything's all right.
-Oh! [sobbing] Darsh!
What the heck is going on here?
Are you really alive?
Are you sure you're not an undead?
You idiot.
Look at my long legs. They're real.
You'd think you would've learned by now
that handsome,
young heroes like me are immortal.
But comedic side characters like you,
the gods created
in their spare time as a joke,
never come back to life once they're dead.
You should be more careful.
You're such a bastard!
You think it's funny playing
with everyone's emotions like that, huh?
It's not cool making such a show
of ripping your heart out.
You didn't even know if you'd be able
to come back to life, you idiot!
What were you going to do?
[Arshes grunting]
Like I said,
handsome guys like me are immortal.
And on top of that,
we've got two
of the Four Divine Kings right here.
I knew you'd figure out a way
to bring me back to life.
You're such a reckless,
irresponsible, lazy idiot!
I don't know why I put up with you!
Very impressive, ninja army.
They deal with things fast.
[Dark Schneider] What a huge pyre.
Well then,
let's go make our triumphant return.
[crowd cheering]
TRIUMPHANT RETURN
[woman] They're back!
[man] Dark Schneider!
[man 2] Yeah! Thank you!
This is quite the celebration.
Of course, it is! Why wouldn't it be?
We're the ones
who saved the whole kingdom.
Actually, they're all cheering for me
since I'm the one
who had to come and save your butt.
Dark Schneider!
Lucien! Gara!
Hey!
It's Yoko! And Sheila.
[Arshes grunting]
[Sheila gasping]
[Yoko groaning]
[Yoko] Whoa. This could be trouble.
[Arshes grunting]
[Sheila gasping]
Hmm? Is there something wrong, Arsh?
Uh…
[crowd cheering]
[priest] That was amazing, Dark Schneider!
[priest 2] We're so glad
you came back to life!
[priest 3] You truly are immortal!
[priest 4] Indeed!
Come, Yoko! Let us go to the banquet hall!
[Yoko] Huh? Uh, hey!
[dramatic music playing]
[Lars] Everyone thinks that Dark Schneider
resurrected himself on his own,
but Geo knows the truth.
Dark Schneider's resurrection, ironically,
happened due to the power of darkness
given off by the awakening demon god.
However, I saw Dark Schneider transform
into Lucien Renlen back there.
What does that mean?
Is Lucien Renlen…?
Could it be?
[priest] Impressive! Master Gara fought
with the fury of a raging lion!
Huh? Did he really?
The King is absent today due to injuries,
but he asked me to convey our gratitude.
We thank you, Gara.
[Gara munching] Don't worry about it.
Say. Have you heard any news as
to why Dark Schneider hasn't arrived yet?
Yes. He said he was feeling tired,
so he went to his room with Empress Nei.
Huh.
By the way, I don't see Yoko here either.
What a boring party.
[Sheila grunting]
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
It got destroyed in a flash.
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[Arshes whimpering]
Oh. Hey, what's the matter with you?
There's no reason to cry, huh?
Look, you're still wearing
the same outfit?
-Hurry up and change.
-[Arshes gasping]
Well, I'll say one thing.
You have an interesting sense of style.
Darsh, I…
[Dark Schneider]
I'll help you get dressed.
I'm really sorry.
Can… can you please forgive me?
Arshes,
I love you.
[Arshes gasping]
-[tender music playing]
-You really do?
I… I love you too!
[Arshes sobbing]
I tried to kill you,
but still, you did it all for me.
Just for me.
I'm so sorry!
Don't hate me!
I couldn't live without you!
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
[Dark Schneider] You're funny.
[Arshes sobbing]
I ripped my heart out,
and I'd do it again anytime for you, Arsh.
I raised you and love you
like a daughter. You know that.
[Arshes] Daughter?
It's fine.
He can think of me as a daughter,
as long as he loves me.
Darsh…
I love you.
[Yoko] That bastard.
He saved Meta-llicana,
but he's still an enemy to women!
[Yoko sighing]
[Yoko] He's so different
from when he's Lucien.
It's obvious he doesn't care at all
about a girl's feelings!
But no matter how bad he gets,
he's still Lucien, right?
Oh, I feel sorry for Lucien.
I miss you, Lucien.
[door opening]
[Dark Schneider] Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
[Yoko snoring]
[Dark Schneider] Merry Christmas, Yoko.
-[Yoko] What are you doing, Lucien?
-[gasping]
Uh, what do you mean? I'm Santa Claus.
I was just leaving a present
for you in your sock.
[Yoko groaning]
[Dark Schneider grunting]
How did you know it was me
with this beard?
[Dark Schneider grunting]
I'm just trying
to have a little bit of fun, you know?
[Dark Schneider] I wanted to give back
the 500 yen I borrowed from you.
[sighing] When you borrow money,
you're supposed
to pay it back with interest, Santa.
-[Yoko gasping]
-[Dark Schneider] I'll pay with my body.
[Dark Schneider grunting]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Abigail] What did you say?
Dark Schneider has come back to life?
That's impossible!
What happened to the army I sent?
What happened to Lynch?
Anthrasax's evil waves
were supposed to have turned Lynch
into the ultimate zombie!
And on top of that,
the Demon Mail repels all magic.
It's stronger than any sword.
It's an invincible suit of armor!
[man] Uh, w-w-well…
[Abigail] But i-it can't be!
He hit him with a dropkick?
That's really all it took?
[screaming]
What kind of frightful man
could do such a thing?
[man 2] He defeated Lynch
with a single attack?
[Abigail] That man is no mere human!
[Dark Schneider laughing]
[Abigail] Could it be?
When Anthrasax started to awaken,
did the power
flow into Dark Schneider as well?
Anthrasax's waves of evil
have a strong effect on anyone
with close ties to the darkness.
It must've affected Dark Schneider's power
in the same way it did Lynch's.
Hmm.
Dark Schneider once ruled
over all of the darkness.
He's the one who would be affected most.
[Kall-Su] Hmm. Resurrecting Anthrasax
in a hurry seems to have backfired.
Gara switched sides,
and Nei is still alive.
Since the Four Divine Kings
have split into two groups,
we'll have to fight each other.
You, my friend, are one very unlucky man.
[Kall-Su chuckling]
[gasping] Did you see that?
Lord Kall-Su just…
He just smiled.
It's the first time.
[Abigail] Dark Schneider, you bastard!
How dare you lay a hand
on my lovely monsters!
[shuddering]
Lord Abigail looks angry.
[gasping] He's never been angry
like this before.
[Abigail] You're not going
to get away with this, Dark Schneider!
I'm going to send my next undead soldier
to wring your scrawny, little neck!
[soldiers screaming]
[roaring]
[all screaming]
[man] The cyclops!
[roaring]
[Geo] Just as I thought,
the armor doesn't even have
a single scratch on it.
The Demon Mail.
According to ancient texts, there was
a set of three weapons and armors
named "Demon", "Devil", and "Satan"
that have existed throughout history.
They are known
as the three demonic treasures.
One of them is the Demon Mail,
which is said to have the ability
to block all magic,
and to be harder than any sword.
[Gara] Then that's what repelled my
Majinken attack and Nei's thunder attack
right before they hit the armor.
So, whoever wears it becomes invincible.
Is that right, Geo?
Don't even think about it.
Magic weapons named after demons
can only be wielded
by creatures
from the underworld and the undead.
Which means only those
who were given life by the darkness.
What if I try it on?
I wouldn't advise it.
If a living being were to try using it,
the armor would devour
his body and soul on the spot.
Not even a single piece of flesh
would be left.
[man screaming]
Wow, really? How scary.
You said there are three, so that means
there's two still out there, right?
So, could that mean that Abigail…
[Geo] Hmm.
The ancient texts were damaged,
so I don't know very much about those two,
but I do know a little
about the other one.
However, they're rare items, so it's
highly unlikely that all three of them
would be in the enemy's hands all at once.
Enough talk! What are the other two arms?
[dramatic music playing]
One is the Devil Mace,
otherwise known as the Mace of Earth.
It's a legendary weapon,
rivaling the thunder sword,
which is said to control ground tremors,
and the fire sword.
They say that the mace's power
can create great earthquakes!
[Gara] Earthquakes, huh?
Yes, and that's not all.
The Devil Mace appears to have
a frightful power now, or so I've heard.
So you couldn't read the text
because it was damaged?
Yes. That's right.
Well, in any case, swords work
against the Devil Mace, right?
Don't you worry, old man!
It doesn't matter
what the Devil Mace can do,
the Murasame Blade
will cut right through it!
[laughing]
Great Priest! It's an enemy attack!
A cyclops with a giant mace
is coming through the city,
and it's heading this way!
Huh? What? A giant mace?
C-c-could it be?
Huh? What's that?
[Arshes grunting]
Hmm? Oh, hey. You're awake.
What's wrong?
When did you--? Uh-- [grunting]
Hold on. Where do you think you're going?
You said you wouldn't leave me.
Relax, would you?
Give me a break.
I'm not going anywhere, all right?
Seriously, girl. I'm beginning to think
you're never gonna grow up.
Look. It's a fire.
Something got into the city.
It's beautiful.
Yeah, it sure is.
[Doshi cackling]
What a pack of incompetent fools!
I, Doshi, the genius necromancer,
am the one
who created Vivian, the undead cyclops!
You're defenseless
and you'll never defeat him! [cackling]
[man grunting]
[Doshi] Cyclopes naturally
have strong muscles,
so killing things comes naturally to them.
But Vivian's body contains tissue
transplanted from Anthrasax,
which makes Vivian the ultimate muscleman.
He's a beautiful creature,
don't you agree?
Now that Vivian has taken control
of the Devil Mace from Lord Abigail,
he'll be even stronger
and victory will be a cinch! [cackling]
Come, Vivian!
It's time for you
to unleash the power of your mace!
[Vivian roaring]
[Vivian grunting]
[gasping] What was that?
-[gasping] What's happening?
-[gasping] Earthquake!
[loud thudding]
[Doshi cackling]
It's incredible, isn't it?
Beating Dark Schneider is going
to be even easier than I had imagined!
[Doshi cackling]
Well, I better get moving.
I need to gather some parts
for my next undead soldier
to offer Lord Abigail
while the corpses are still fresh.
[girl] Mother! Mother!
[woman groaning]
Mother.
[Doshi] Little girl!
[girl gasping]
You've got good eyes, and I need them
for my next undead soldier.
You won't be needing them anymore.
[Doshi cackling] Hand them over!
[girl screaming, grunting]
No, Ema!
Please stop!
What are you doing to my daughter--
[gasping] Mother, no!
[Doshi cackling]
You're wide open and defenseless!
-[Doshi efforting]
-[Ema screaming]
Can't you see
there's no way you can escape?
So, hand over those eyeballs now!
[Doshi grunting]
Did I hear you say
you were looking for some eyeballs?
-Wow.
-You'll be safe now.
-No way! [groaning]
-[hard rock music playing]
What… what are you going to do?
[Doshi screaming]
[Doshi grunting]
[Doshi groaning]
Don't you dare touch me again,
or you'll regret the day you were born.
[Doshi grunting, screaming]
[Doshi exclaiming, cackling]
You silly fool!
Don't you know your fate is to die?
[Doshi grunting]
S-stop! If you kick me one more time,
I'm going to kill you
without giving you the chance
to beg for your life.
[Doshi grunting]
So you want eyeballs
that bad, huh? [chuckling]
Well, I got a pair you can have right now!
Huh? Really? Do you mean it?
You can have your eyeballs!
[screaming] Stop!
That hurts! I beg you!
I can't stop! Nothing in this world
gives me more pleasure
than tearing apart wimps like you!
For the last time, let go of me!
[Doshi screaming]
He hasn't changed at all.
The same old lovable Dark Schneider.
Definitely.
[Doshi growling]
I don't think you know who you're
dealing with, you arrogant bastard.
Vivian! Kill him!
Pulverize this man!
[Vivian growling]
[roaring]
Is this your idea of a joke?
I'm a million times stronger than him!
Vengeance! Thunder cannon wave attack!
[Vivian grunting, screaming]
Look at that. He actually beat him.
Nice one, Darsh!
[gasping] No way! It can't be!
[scoffing] You fool!
Did you really think you could beat me?
The great Dark Schneider can't be defeated
by a little, one-eyed puppet.
[Vivian groaning]
[squelching]
[Vivian moaning]
[Vivian growling]
[intense music playing]
No way. His body is actually healing!
Interesting.
[Vivian grunting]
[Vivian groaning]
What is it? It's coming back to life!
It's transforming into something strange!
[Vivian roaring]
Gara, what is that thing doing?
[Vivian growling, roaring]
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]